= Radiant Comments Extension

Adds blog-like comment functionality to Radiant. Currently maintained by http://github.com/saturnflyer

== Patches

If you want to contribute features or fixes please write your specs and code and submit pull requests to these github.com users:

- saturnflyer
- artofmission

== Dependencies

Version 1.x requires Radiant 1.x or greater. Older gem releases work with older Radiant releases.

There are also git tags which match the Radiant version the tag is known to work with. 
Users of pre 1.x versions will also need to manually install the fastercsv, mollom and sanitize gems.

== Installation

Add `gem "radiant-comments-extension", "~> 1.0"` to your Gemfile then run:

  bundle install
  bundle exec rake radiant:extensions:comments:install

This _WILL_ delete any snippets named 'comment', 'comments' and 'comment_form' if these exist.

If you are upgrading from a previous version with out the sanitizer run:

  bundle exec rake radiant:extensions:comments:initialize

or if you want to clean up your initializer for the sanitize gem run:

  bundle exec rake radiant:extensions:comments:forced_initialize

== More Help

See the included HELP docs here or read them in your Radiant interface with the Help extension installed.

== Contributors

* John Muhl
* Sven Schwyn
* Gerrit Kaiser
* Stephen Lombardo
* Benny Degezelle
* Frank Louwers (thanks to Jan De Poorter for the Mollom ruby lib)
* Jim Gay of http://www.saturnflyer.com, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* Michael Hale of http://halethegeek.com/, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* Nathaniel Talbott of http://terralien.com/, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* John Croisant
* Jon Leighton
* Witter Cheng
* Keith Bingman
* Sean Cribbs, partly sponsored by http://opscode.com/
* Ryan Heneise

If you contribute, go ahead and add your name to the list!

== Credits

Included icons come from the FamFamFam Silk icon set.  http://famfamfam.com
